Shorter README with links to separate files (#35)
dfinity/pocketic-py: README.md

# PocketIC: A Canister Testing Platform

PocketIC is a local canister testing platform for the [Internet Computer](https://internetcomputer.org/).  

> It consists of the PocketIC **binary**, which handles different IC instances, and a **Python library** (this repo) which allows you to interact with your canisters and the IC itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of the PocketIC **binary**, which handles different IC instances, and a **Python library** (this repo) which allows you to interact with your local IC instances and the canisters thereon. 
```

> It consists of the PocketIC **binary**, which handles the different IC instances, and a **Python library** (this repo) which allows you to interact with your canisters and the IC itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of the PocketIC **binary**, which handles different IC instances, and a **Python library** (this repo) which allows you to interact with your canisters and the IC itself.
```

It consists of the PocketIC **binary**, which handles the different IC instances, and a **Python library** (this repo) which allows you to interact with your canisters and the IC itself.

Using PocketIC requires two components: A server and an integration library. 

The **server** is compiled as part of the build process for the Internet Computer. It runs as local HTTP server which manages IC instances. Every test may request its own, _independent_ IC instance and interact with it concurrently with other running tests. 

This PocketIC **library** provides a convenient Python frontend to interact with IC instances, while hiding the REST-API layer, the process lifetime etc. The test author simply interacts with either an IC instance:

> ```python

Reviewer: How about about keeping both code examples; but shortening the prose text?

Author: Deal ;)

respone = my_canister.some_canister_function()
assert(response == 'Hello, World!')
```

## Getting Started

> ### Quickstart

Reviewer: One of these titles is redundant

* Download the **PocketIC binary** for [Linux](https://download.dfinity.systems/ic/71adba179679a1090baa26cadcceadec311f57b3/openssl-static-binaries/x86_64-linux/pocket-ic.gz) or [macOS](https://download.dfinity.systems/ic/71adba179679a1090baa26cadcceadec311f57b3/openssl-static-binaries/x86_64-darwin/pocket-ic.gz).
* Make sure the binary is available through your `$PATH` variable; you can verify that everything works by calling `pocket-ic --help` from your terminal.

> * Run `pip3 install pocketic-py` to get the Python library. 

Reviewer: maybe add: "from your virtual environment"? 

I don't like suggesting a bad practice. We don't know the expertise of our audience.

> * Run `pip3 install pocketic-py` to get the Python library. 

Reviewer: the package is called pocket_ic, so they should get that from PyPi. pocketic-py is the name of the repo.

Author: I'm not sure, for ic-py it's also like this: `pip install ic-py`, but then `import ic`

Reviewer: ok I guess we'll see when we have published it. But I would want to make sure that the name of our published package is just pocket_ic

* Use `from pocket_ic import PocketIC` in your Python code and start testing!

For a more detailed installation guide, see [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md).

### Examples

> To see some working code, see the [examples](examples/) folder, or check out the [how to use this library](HOWTO.md) guide.

Reviewer: how about mentioning the howto first (as it is an introduction) and then the "real" production-ready ;) example?

Author: But the section is called examples, and for a quick start you maybe just want to look at examples first. How to use this library is more documentation and a longer read

## Documentation
* [Why PocketIC](WHY.md)
* [How to use this library](HOWTO.md)

> ## Contributing to PocketIC

Reviewer: technically, they would contribute to pocketic-py, or pocket_ic, not the "whole" PocketIC
